Bug/add legacy support (#27)
fivetran/dbt_lever_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_lever_source v0.7.0
[PR #26](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_lever_source/pull/26) includes the following updates:

## Features
- For Fivetran Lever connectors created on or after July 27, 2024, the `USER` and `INTERVIEWER_USER` source tables have been renamed to `USERS` and `INTERVIEW_USER`, respectively. This package now prioritizes the `USERS` and `INTERVIEW_USER` tables if available, falling back to `USER` and `INTERVIEWER_USER` if not.
  - To continue using the `USER` and/or `INTERVIEWER_USER` tables, set the variables `lever__using_users` and/or `lever__using_interview_user` to false in your `dbt_project.yml`.
  - For more information, refer to the [July 2024 connector release notes](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/lever/changelog#july2024) and the related [README section](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_lever_source/blob/main/README.md##leveraging-legacy-connector-table-names).

- Introduced the ability to union source data from multiple Lever connectors. For more details, see the related [README section](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_lever_source/blob/main/README.md#union-multiple-connectors).

## Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where the dbt package would error due to a missing `CONTACT_LINK` source table for users without source data, even though it was enabled in the Fivetran Connector. A null-filled table will now be generated in such cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the dbt package would error due to a missing `CONTACT_LINK` source table for users without the titular source data, even if it was enabled in the Fivetran Connector. A null-filled table will now be generated in such cases.
```

## Under the hood
- Turned off freshness tests for `USER`/`USERS` and `INTERVIEW_USER`/`INTERVIEWER_USER` to avoid possible conflicts.
- Updated temporary models to union source data using the `fivetran_utils.union_data` macro.

> - Added the `source_relation` column in each staging model to identify the origin of each field, utilizing the `fivetran_utils.source_relation` macro.

Author: Added!
